net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/patcher/performance/MixinGameRulesValue.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.patcher.performance.MixinGameRulesValue
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/entity/MixinPlayerControllerMP.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.entity.MixinPlayerControllerMP
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/aac/AACHop350.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.aac.AACHop350
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/aac/AAC3BHop.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.aac.AAC3BHop
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinTileEntitySkullRenderer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinTileEntitySkullRenderer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/spectre/SpectreOnGround.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.spectre.SpectreOnGround
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/zeroday/Window.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.zeroday.Window
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/ncp/NCPYPort.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.ncp.NCPYPort
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/patcher/performance/MixinBlockPos.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.patcher.performance.MixinBlockPos
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiButton.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiButton
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/aac/AACBHop.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.aac.AACBHop
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/TabUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.TabUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/player/ViaVersionFix.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.player.ViaVersionFix
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/render/AnimationUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.render.AnimationUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiDisconnected.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiDisconnected
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiChat.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiChat
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/EntityUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.EntityUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/LadderJump.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.LadderJump
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/timer/TimerUtil.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.timer.TimerUtil
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/zeroday/ValueButton.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.zeroday.ValueButton
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/player/AntiFall.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.player.AntiFall
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/file/configs/ModulesConfig.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.file.configs.ModulesConfig
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/render/shader/shaders/GlowShader.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.render.shader.shaders.GlowShader
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/ClientUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.ClientUtils
net/vitox/particle/util/RenderUtils.java
 net.vitox.particle.util.RenderUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/flux/Translate.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.flux.Translate
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/BlackStyle.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.BlackStyle
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/patcher/performance/MixinNodeProcessor.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.patcher.performance.MixinNodeProcessor
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinLayerArmorBase.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinLayerArmorBase
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/render/CustomTexture.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.render.CustomTexture
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/crash/MixinCrashReport.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.crash.MixinCrashReport
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/render/animations/impl/EaseBackIn.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.render.animations.impl.EaseBackIn
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/file/configs/FriendsConfig.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.file.configs.FriendsConfig
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.file.configs.FriendsConfig$Friend
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/network/MixinNetworkPlayerInfo.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.network.MixinNetworkPlayerInfo
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/render/ColorMixer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.render.ColorMixer
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.render.ColorMixer$1
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/Stencil.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.Stencil
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/render/shader/shaders/OutlineShader.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.render.shader.shaders.OutlineShader
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/patcher/bugfixes/MixinCommandHandler.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.patcher.bugfixes.MixinCommandHandler
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/patcher/performance/MixinAnvilChunkLoader.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.patcher.performance.MixinAnvilChunkLoader
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/world/BanChecker.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.world.BanChecker
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.world.BanChecker$1
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/ncp/NCPBHop.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.ncp.NCPBHop
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/MinecraftInstance.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.MinecraftInstance
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/world/MixinWorldClient.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.world.MixinWorldClient
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinEffectRenderer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinEffectRenderer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/render/TargetMark.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.render.TargetMark
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/render/Skeletal.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.render.Skeletal
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinEntityRenderer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinEntityRenderer
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinEntityRenderer$1
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/client/MixinGameSettings.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.client.MixinGameSettings
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/file/FileConfig.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.file.FileConfig
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/timer/TimerUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.timer.TimerUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/spectre/SpectreBHop.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.spectre.SpectreBHop
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/RollingArrayLongBuffer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.RollingArrayLongBuffer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/render/Breadcrumbs.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.render.Breadcrumbs
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.render.Breadcrumbs$Dot
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/TransformerLoader.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.TransformerLoader
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/render/animations/Animation.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.render.animations.Animation
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinRegionRenderCache.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinRegionRenderCache
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/file/configs/ClickGuiConfig.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.file.configs.ClickGuiConfig
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/Panel.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.Panel
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/novoline/Button.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.novoline.Button
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/elements/ModuleElement.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.elements.ModuleElement
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/RaycastUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.RaycastUtils
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.RaycastUtils$IEntityFilter
de/enzaxd/viaforge/platform/ViaConfig.java
 de.enzaxd.viaforge.platform.ViaConfig
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/novoline/ClickyUI.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.novoline.ClickyUI
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/file/configs/AccountsConfig.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.file.configs.AccountsConfig
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/font/FontDetails.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.font.FontDetails
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/aac/AACYPort2.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.aac.AACYPort2
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/render/ShaderUtil.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.render.ShaderUtil
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/render/Crosshair.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.render.Crosshair
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/player/MemoryFix.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.player.MemoryFix
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/verus/VerusHard.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.verus.VerusHard
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/aac/AAC5BHop.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.aac.AAC5BHop
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/entity/MixinAbstractClientPlayer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.entity.MixinAbstractClientPlayer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/render/AsianHat.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.render.AsianHat
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/script/remapper/injection/transformers/AbstractJavaLinkerTransformer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.script.remapper.injection.transformers.AbstractJavaLinkerTransformer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/otcV2/Downward.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.otcV2.Downward
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/render/NewGUI.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.render.NewGUI
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/item/MixinNBTTagCompound.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.item.MixinNBTTagCompound
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/misc/FallingPlayer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.misc.FallingPlayer
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.misc.FallingPlayer$CollisionResult
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/SpeedMode.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.SpeedMode
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/render/PlayerEdit.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.render.PlayerEdit
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/aac/AACv4BHop.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.aac.AACv4BHop
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/block/MixinBlockLadder.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.block.MixinBlockLadder
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.block.MixinBlockLadder$1
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/client/MixinResourcePackRepository.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.client.MixinResourcePackRepository
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/file/configs/ProfilesConfig.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.file.configs.ProfilesConfig
de/enzaxd/viaforge/handler/CommonTransformer.java
 de.enzaxd.viaforge.handler.CommonTransformer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/patcher/bugfixes/MixinServerAddress.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.patcher.bugfixes.MixinServerAddress
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/block/MixinBlockAnvil.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.block.MixinBlockAnvil
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/patcher/bugfixes/MixinEntityPackets.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.patcher.bugfixes.MixinEntityPackets
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/AstolfoStyle.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.AstolfoStyle
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/patcher/bugfixes/MixinLazyLoadBase.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.patcher.bugfixes.MixinLazyLoadBase
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/patcher/performance/MixinFluidRegistry.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.patcher.performance.MixinFluidRegistry
de/enzaxd/viaforge/loader/BackwardsLoader.java
 de.enzaxd.viaforge.loader.BackwardsLoader
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/math/MathUtil.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.math.MathUtil
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiSpectator.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiSpectator
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/item/ItemUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.item.ItemUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/render/shader/FramebufferShader.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.render.shader.FramebufferShader
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/GLUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.GLUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/elements/ButtonElement.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.elements.ButtonElement
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/access/IItemStack.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.access.IItemStack
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/elements/Element.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.elements.Element
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/world/Spammer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.world.Spammer
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.world.Spammer$1
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.world.Spammer$2
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/aac/AAC6BHop.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.aac.AAC6BHop
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/SessionUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.SessionUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiContainer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiContainer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinLayerWitherAura.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinLayerWitherAura
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/font/TTFFontRenderer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.font.TTFFontRenderer
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.font.TTFFontRenderer$CharacterData
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/render/SafeVertexBuffer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.render.SafeVertexBuffer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinTileEntityBannerRenderer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinTileEntityBannerRenderer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/patcher/bugfixes/MixinBlockFluidRenderer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.patcher.bugfixes.MixinBlockFluidRenderer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/ReverseStep.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.ReverseStep
de/enzaxd/viaforge/ViaForge.java
 de.enzaxd.viaforge.ViaForge
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/misc/sound/TipSoundPlayer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.misc.sound.TipSoundPlayer
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.misc.sound.TipSoundPlayer$1
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinTileEntityRendererDispatcher.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinTileEntityRendererDispatcher
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/zeroday/AnimationUtil.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.zeroday.AnimationUtil
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/special/AntiForge.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.special.AntiForge
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/LongJump.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.LongJump
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.LongJump$1
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiAchievement.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiAchievement
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/TestStyle.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.TestStyle
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/math/Vec4.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.math.Vec4
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/other/MineplexGround.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.other.MineplexGround
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/otcV2/Settings/ListSetting.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.otcV2.Settings.ListSetting
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinRendererLivingEntity.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinRendererLivingEntity
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/Sneak.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.Sneak
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.Sneak$1
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/AnimationUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.AnimationUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/Phase.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.Phase
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/Interpolator.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.Interpolator
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.Interpolator$1
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.Interpolator$2
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/otcV2/Settings/FloatSetting.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.otcV2.Settings.FloatSetting
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/timer/MSTimer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.timer.MSTimer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/player/Blink.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.player.Blink
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/aac/AACYPort.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.aac.AACYPort
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/otcV2/ModuleRender.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.otcV2.ModuleRender
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/world/Plugins.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.world.Plugins
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/PosLookInstance.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.PosLookInstance
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/render/UiUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.render.UiUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinLayerSpiderEyes.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinLayerSpiderEyes
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/item/ArmorComparator.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.item.ArmorComparator
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/patcher/bugfixes/MixinSoundManager.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.patcher.bugfixes.MixinSoundManager
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/render/EnchantEffect.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.render.EnchantEffect
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/verus/VerusHop.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.verus.VerusHop
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiGameOver.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiGameOver
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/aac/AACHop3310.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.aac.AACHop3310
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/entity/MixinEntityXPOrb.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.entity.MixinEntityXPOrb
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/NullStyle.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.NullStyle
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/render/Animations.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.render.Animations
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/render/Animation.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.render.Animation
de/enzaxd/viaforge/handler/DecodeHandler.java
 de.enzaxd.viaforge.handler.DecodeHandler
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/network/MixinNetHandlerPlayClient.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.network.MixinNetHandlerPlayClient
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/flux/AnimationUtil.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.flux.AnimationUtil
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/packets/MixinC17PacketCustomPayload.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.packets.MixinC17PacketCustomPayload
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/packets/MixinC00Handshake.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.packets.MixinC00Handshake
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/zeroday/KeyBindButton.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.zeroday.KeyBindButton
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/block/MixinBlock.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.block.MixinBlock
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/PacketUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.PacketUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/render/Render.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.render.Render
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/hud/element/elements/KeyBinds.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.hud.element.elements.KeyBinds
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/otcV2/Settings/BoolSetting.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.otcV2.Settings.BoolSetting
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/render/Stencil.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.render.Stencil
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/file/configs/XRayConfig.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.file.configs.XRayConfig
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/spartan/SpartanYPort.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.spartan.SpartanYPort
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/IceSpeed.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.IceSpeed
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/Opacity.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.Opacity
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/otcV2/Utils/Position.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.otcV2.Utils.Position
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinTileEntityMobSpawnerRenderer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinTileEntityMobSpawnerRenderer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/timer/TickTimer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.timer.TickTimer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/Palette.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.Palette
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/other/CustomSpeed.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.other.CustomSpeed
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiIngameMenu.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiIngameMenu
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/zeroday/ClickUI.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.zeroday.ClickUI
de/enzaxd/viaforge/util/AttackOrder.java
 de.enzaxd.viaforge.util.AttackOrder
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinInventoryEffectRenderer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinInventoryEffectRenderer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/other/Legit.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.other.Legit
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiConnecting.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiConnecting
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/block/MixinBlockLiquid.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.block.MixinBlockLiquid
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/AnimationHelper.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.AnimationHelper
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/render/animations/Direction.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.render.animations.Direction
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/hypixel/HypixelBoost.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.hypixel.HypixelBoost
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/transformers/ForgeNetworkTransformer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.transformers.ForgeNetworkTransformer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/aac/AACLowHop2.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.aac.AACLowHop2
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/client/MixinMinecraft.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.client.MixinMinecraft
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinRenderManager.java
 MixinRenderManager
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/access/StaticStorage.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.access.StaticStorage
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinLayerArrow.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinLayerArrow
co/uk/hexeption/utils/OutlineUtils.java
 co.uk.hexeption.utils.OutlineUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/ClickGui.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.ClickGui
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.ClickGui$1
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.ClickGui$2
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.ClickGui$2$1
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.ClickGui$2$2
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.ClickGui$2$3
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.ClickGui$2$4
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.ClickGui$2$5
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinModelVillager.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinModelVillager
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiButtonExt.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiButtonExt
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/block/MixinBlockRedstoneTorch.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.block.MixinBlockRedstoneTorch
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/patcher/bugfixes/MixinScoreboard.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.patcher.bugfixes.MixinScoreboard
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/ncp/OnGround.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.ncp.OnGround
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/otcV2/Settings/TextSetting.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.otcV2.Settings.TextSetting
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinVisGraph.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinVisGraph
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinModelBiped.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinModelBiped
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinRenderEntityItem.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinRenderEntityItem
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/render/shader/Shader.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.render.shader.Shader
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinModelSkeleton.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinModelSkeleton
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinLayerCreeperCharge.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinLayerCreeperCharge
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/matrix/MatrixDynamic.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.matrix.MatrixDynamic
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/other/TeleportCubeCraft.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.other.TeleportCubeCraft
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/spectre/SpectreLowHop.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.spectre.SpectreLowHop
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/matrix/MatrixMultiply.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.matrix.MatrixMultiply
de/enzaxd/viaforge/platform/ProviderLoader.java
 de.enzaxd.viaforge.platform.ProviderLoader
 de.enzaxd.viaforge.platform.ProviderLoader$1
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/flux/FluxClassic.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.flux.FluxClassic
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.flux.FluxClassic$1
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiLanguage.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiLanguage
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/font/Fonts.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.font.Fonts
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/transformers/NetworkManagerTransformer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.transformers.NetworkManagerTransformer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/Speed.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.Speed
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.Speed$1
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.Speed$2
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.Speed$3
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.Speed$4
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.Speed$5
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.Speed$6
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.Speed$7
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.Speed$8
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.Speed$9
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/item/ItemCreator.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.item.ItemCreator
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/other/SlowHop.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.other.SlowHop
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/render/shader/shaders/BackgroundShader.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.render.shader.shaders.BackgroundShader
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/misc/MiscUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.misc.MiscUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinLayerCape.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinLayerCape
de/enzaxd/viaforge/protocol/ProtocolCollection.java
 de.enzaxd.viaforge.protocol.ProtocolCollection
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/entity/MixinEntityPlayerSP.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.entity.MixinEntityPlayerSP
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinRenderPlayer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinRenderPlayer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/RotationUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.RotationUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/aac/AACGround.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.aac.AACGround
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/SkeetStyle.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.SkeetStyle
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/ncp/NCPFHop.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.ncp.NCPFHop
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/aac/AACHop3313.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.aac.AACHop3313
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinModelPlayer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinModelPlayer
de/enzaxd/viaforge/util/JLoggerToLog4j.java
 de.enzaxd.viaforge.util.JLoggerToLog4j
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiNewChat.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiNewChat
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/zeroday/Button.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.zeroday.Button
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/ncp/MiJump.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.ncp.MiJump
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/InventoryUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.InventoryUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/ncp/SNCPBHop.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.ncp.SNCPBHop
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/matrix/MatrixSemiStrafe.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.matrix.MatrixSemiStrafe
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/aac/AACLowHop3.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.aac.AACLowHop3
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/file/FileManager.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.file.FileManager
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/world/ItemTeleport.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.world.ItemTeleport
net/vitox/ParticleGenerator.java
 net.vitox.ParticleGenerator
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/aac/AAC4BHop.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.aac.AAC4BHop
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/WallClimb.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.WallClimb
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/network/MixinNetworkManagerChInit.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.network.MixinNetworkManagerChInit
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/file/configs/HudConfig.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.file.configs.HudConfig
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/render/RoundedUtil.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.render.RoundedUtil
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiEditSign.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiEditSign
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/ncp/Boost.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.ncp.Boost
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/otcV2/Utils/OtcScroll.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.otcV2.Utils.OtcScroll
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/HighJump.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.HighJump
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/novoline/ValueButton.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.novoline.ValueButton
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/render/ClickGUI.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.render.ClickGUI
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.render.ClickGUI$1
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/resources/MixinDefaultResourcePack.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.resources.MixinDefaultResourcePack
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/Jesus.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.Jesus
de/enzaxd/viaforge/util/FutureTaskId.java
 de.enzaxd.viaforge.util.FutureTaskId
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/novoline/Window.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.novoline.Window
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/patcher/performance/MixinMinecraftServer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.patcher.performance.MixinMinecraftServer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/MixinLoader.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.MixinLoader
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/otcV2/CategoryScreen.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.otcV2.CategoryScreen
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiSlot.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiSlot
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/SlimeJump.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.SlimeJump
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/render/IconUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.render.IconUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/ncp/YPort.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.ncp.YPort
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/WhiteStyle.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.WhiteStyle
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/entity/MixinEntity.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.entity.MixinEntity
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/hud/element/elements/Indicators.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.hud.element.elements.Indicators
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/item/MixinItemStack.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.item.MixinItemStack
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/aac/AAC2BHop.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.aac.AAC2BHop
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiKeyBindingList.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiKeyBindingList
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/implementations/IMixinGuiSlot.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.implementations.IMixinGuiSlot
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/event/Listener.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.event.Listener
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/render/StorageESP.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.render.StorageESP
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/render/ESP.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.render.ESP
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/resources/MixinSkinManager.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.resources.MixinSkinManager
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/flux/ProfilesScreen.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.flux.ProfilesScreen
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/newVer/NewUi.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.newVer.NewUi
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/render/BlendUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.render.BlendUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/BowJump.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.BowJump
de/enzaxd/viaforge/platform/ViaAPI.java
 de.enzaxd.viaforge.platform.ViaAPI
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/patcher/bugfixes/MixinClientCommandHandler.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.patcher.bugfixes.MixinClientCommandHandler
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/transformers/OptimizeTransformer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.transformers.OptimizeTransformer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/aac/AAC7BHop.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.aac.AAC7BHop
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/entity/MixinEntityOtherPlayerMP.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.entity.MixinEntityOtherPlayerMP
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/Colors.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.Colors
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/player/Patcher.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.player.Patcher
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/render/WorldToScreen.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.render.WorldToScreen
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/item/ArmorPiece.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.item.ArmorPiece
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinRenderItem.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinRenderItem
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/misc/EaseInOutQuad.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.misc.EaseInOutQuad
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/render/NameProtect.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.render.NameProtect
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiOptions.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiOptions
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/patcher/bugfixes/MixinItemModelMesher.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.patcher.bugfixes.MixinItemModelMesher
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/aac/OldAACBHop.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.aac.OldAACBHop
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/patcher/bugfixes/MixinRegionRenderCache.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.patcher.bugfixes.MixinRegionRenderCache
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/render/GLUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.render.GLUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/Fly.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.Fly
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.Fly$1
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/render/Colors.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.render.Colors
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/AStarCustomPathFinder.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.AStarCustomPathFinder
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.AStarCustomPathFinder$CompareHub
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.AStarCustomPathFinder$Hub
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/otcV2/Settings/ColorSetting.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.otcV2.Settings.ColorSetting
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiScreen.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiScreen
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/hypixel/HypixelStable.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.hypixel.HypixelStable
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/render/RenderUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.render.RenderUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiMultiplayer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiMultiplayer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/render/ProphuntESP.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.render.ProphuntESP
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/WaterSpeed.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.WaterSpeed
net/vitox/Particle.java
 net.vitox.Particle
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/misc/Direction.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.misc.Direction
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/packets/MixinS3FPacketCustomPayload.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.packets.MixinS3FPacketCustomPayload
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/otcV2/OtcClickGUi.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.otcV2.OtcClickGUi
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/accessors/MinecraftForgeClientAccessor.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.accessors.MinecraftForgeClientAccessor
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiScreenOptionsSounds.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiScreenOptionsSounds
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/aac/AACLowHop.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.aac.AACLowHop
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/misc/StringUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.misc.StringUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/render/ESP2D.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.render.ESP2D
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/entity/MixinEntityLivingBase.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.entity.MixinEntityLivingBase
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/aac/AACGround2.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.aac.AACGround2
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinFontRenderer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinFontRenderer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/MovementUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.MovementUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/verus/VerusLowHop.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.verus.VerusLowHop
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/event/Priority.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.event.Priority
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/novoline/ColorValueButton.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.novoline.ColorValueButton
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/file/configs/ValuesConfig.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.file.configs.ValuesConfig
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/novoline/AnimationUtil.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.novoline.AnimationUtil
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/ncp/Frame.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.ncp.Frame
de/enzaxd/viaforge/loader/RewindLoader.java
 de.enzaxd.viaforge.loader.RewindLoader
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiIngameForge.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiIngameForge
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/other/Jump.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.other.Jump
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/network/MixinNetworkManager.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.network.MixinNetworkManager
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/block/MixinBlockLilyPad.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.block.MixinBlockLilyPad
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/implementations/IItemStack.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.implementations.IItemStack
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/Style.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.Style
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/patcher/bugfixes/MixinServerList.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.patcher.bugfixes.MixinServerList
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGui.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGui
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/aac/AACPort.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.aac.AACPort
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/math/MathUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.math.MathUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/Translate.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.Translate
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiScreenResourcePacks.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiScreenResourcePacks
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/zeroday/Translate.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.zeroday.Translate
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/world/MixinWorld.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.world.MixinWorld
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/block/MixinBlockModelRenderer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.block.MixinBlockModelRenderer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/ncp/NCPHop.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.ncp.NCPHop
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/SlowlyStyle.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.SlowlyStyle
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/entity/MixinEntityPlayer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.entity.MixinEntityPlayer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/BufferSpeed.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.BufferSpeed
de/enzaxd/viaforge/platform/Platform.java
 de.enzaxd.viaforge.platform.Platform
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/world/AutoHypixel.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.world.AutoHypixel
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/flux/AnimationHelper.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.flux.AnimationHelper
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/ServerUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.ServerUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/otcV2/Settings/NumberSetting.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.otcV2.Settings.NumberSetting
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/misc/SmoothStepAnimation.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.misc.SmoothStepAnimation
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/misc/FileUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.misc.FileUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/ui/client/clickgui/style/styles/LiquidBounceStyle.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.ui.client.clickgui.style.styles.LiquidBounceStyle
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/render/ParticleUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.render.ParticleUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/PathUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.PathUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/render/ColorElement.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.render.ColorElement
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.render.ColorElement$Material
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/Teleport.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.Teleport
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinRender.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinRender
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/render/BlockESP.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.render.BlockESP
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiInGame.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiInGame
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/render/ItemESP.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.render.ItemESP
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/ncp/YPort2.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.ncp.YPort2
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/CPSCounter.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.CPSCounter
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.CPSCounter$MouseButton
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/render/Fullbright.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.render.Fullbright
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/matrix/MatrixTimerBalance.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.matrix.MatrixTimerBalance
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/block/MixinBlockSoulSand.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.block.MixinBlockSoulSand
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinTileEntityItemStackRenderer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinTileEntityItemStackRenderer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/other/AEMine.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.other.AEMine
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinGuiDownloadTerrain.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinGuiDownloadTerrain
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/render/FreeLook.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.render.FreeLook
de/enzaxd/viaforge/handler/EncodeHandler.java
 de.enzaxd.viaforge.handler.EncodeHandler
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/features/module/modules/movement/speeds/other/HiveHop.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.features.module.modules.movement.speeds.other.HiveHop
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/FileUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.FileUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/gui/MixinServerSelectionList.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.gui.MixinServerSelectionList
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/misc/RandomUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.misc.RandomUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinTileEntityChestRenderer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinTileEntityChestRenderer
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/utils/PlayerUtils.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.utils.PlayerUtils
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/render/MixinLayerHeldItem.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.render.MixinLayerHeldItem
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/client/MixinMovementInputFromOptions.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.client.MixinMovementInputFromOptions
net/ccbluex/liquidbounce/injection/forge/mixins/item/MixinItemRenderer.java
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.item.MixinItemRenderer
 net.ccbluex.liquidbounce.injection.forge.mixins.item.MixinItemRenderer$1
de/enzaxd/viaforge/platform/Injector.java
 de.enzaxd.viaforge.platform.Injector
